lib: at_host: use CRLF termination as default (#15535)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

* :ref:`lib_at_host`:

>   * Changed the default termination mode from the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CR_TERMINATION` Kconfig option to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CR_LF_TERMINATION` kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated to set the default termination mode in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CR_LF_TERMINATION` Kconfig option instead of the ``CONFIG_CR_TERMINATION`` kconfig option.
```

Author: `CONFIG_CR_TERMINATION` is still a valid option, so I'll keep the format for it.
